Apache Cassandra, auth
-----------------------
Internal authentication and authorization information is stored in the following Cassandra tables:

system_auth.roles
    Table that stores the role name, whether the role can be used for login, whether the role is a superuser, what other roles
    the role may be a member of, and a bcrypt salted hash password for the role.

system_auth.role_members
    Table that stores the roles and role members.

system_auth.role_permissions
    Table that stores the role, a resource (keyspace, table), and the permission that the role has to access the resource.

system_auth.recqlshSourceole_permissons_index
    Table that stores the role and a resource that the role has a set permission.

Cassandra is configured with a default superuser role and password pair of cassandra/cassandra by default. Using this role,
additional roles can be created using CQL commands. To secure the system, this default role should be deleted once a non-default
superuser has been created.

Once roles and passwords have been set, Cassandra can be configured to use authentication in the cassandra.yaml file.

If roles exist and Cassandra is configured to use authentication, Cassandra tools must be executed with optional authentication
options.



Using cqlsh with authentication
-------------------------------
Typically, after configuring authentication, logging into cqlsh requires the -u and -p options to the cqlsh command.
To set credentials for use when launching cqlsh, create or modify the .cassandra/cqlshrc file. When present, this file passes
default login information to cqlsh. The cqlshrc.sample file provides an example.

Procedure:
    Create or modify the cqlshrc file that specifies a role name and password.

    [authentication]
    username = fred
    password = !!bang!!$

    Note: Additional settings in the cqlshrc file are described in Creating and using the cqlshrc file.
    Save the file in home/.cassandra directory and name it cqlshrc.
    Set permissions on the file to prevent unauthorized access, as the password is stored in plain text. The file must be
    readable by the user that starts cassandra.

    chmod 440 home/.cassandra/cqlshrc

    Check the permissions on home/.cassandra/cqlshrc_history to ensure that plain text passwords are not compromised.
